Add info about required icon packs (#2400)
callstack/react-native-paper: docs/pages/1.getting-started.md

npm install react-native-paper
```
If you're on a vanilla React Native project, you also need to install and link [react-native-vector-icons](https://github.com/oblador/react-native-vector-icons).

> ```MaterialCommunityIcons``` icon pack needs to be included in the project, because some components use them internally (e.g. ```AppBar.BackAction``` on Android). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically `MaterialCommunityIcons` icon pack needs to be included in the project, because some components use those internally (e.g. `AppBar.BackAction` on Android). 
```

> Specifically `MaterialCommunityIcons` icon pack needs to be included in the project, because some components use those internally (e.g. `AppBar.BackAction` on Android). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Specifically `MaterialCommunityIcons` icon pack needs to be included in the project, because some components use those internally (e.g. `AppBar.BackAction` on Android). 
```

Reviewer: Wanted to keep it close to the "react-native-vector-icons" reference. You think it's better to move it to the next paragraph?
